resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql973 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq42sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq42sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq63sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - none - simple - false
sq14  limit by resource - none - simple - false
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery12553sparql2553 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - none - simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery62553sparql2553 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq68sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcesmyqueriesoptional18sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql1640 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery22553sparql2553 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql1294 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq72sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq72sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery112553sparql2553 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - none - simple - false
nested positive exists - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - none - simple - true
exists with one constant - none - simple - false
resourcesbsbmbiquery72553sparql2553 - none - simple - false
insert same bnode twice - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional41sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12bsparql32978 - none - simple - false
exists within graph pattern - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq11sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql700 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional28sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional37sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq66sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq6sparql1294 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional11sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq3asparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcesmyqueriesoptional63sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq5bsparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcesbtc028sparql3778 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq65sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq41sparql1640 - none - simple - true
resourcesmyqueriesubungent03sparql764 - none - simple - false
resourcesbtc020sparql80 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql1294 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq62sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq68sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional60sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional56sparql4 - none - simple - false
subtraction with minus from a partially bound minuend - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq62sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional34sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcesbtc035sparql61664 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq92sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq9sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq67sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq12b1sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b4sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b3sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery102553sparql2553 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql973 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq12asparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq91sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesubungent17sparql709 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq61sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq4sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcesmyqueriesoptional45sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery32553sparql2553 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcesbsbmexplorequery122553sparql2553 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional21sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery42553sparql2553 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12b2sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcesmyqueriesubungent06sparql10467 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq1sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq41sparql1640 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq6sparql1640 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq111sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcesmyqueriesoptional31sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq3bsparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq3csparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12csparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq7sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq92sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq71sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq12a1sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq8sparql32978 - none - simple - true
resourcesmyqueriesubungent06sparql10467 - none - simple - true
resourcessp2bq10sparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional14sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional8sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq5asparql32978 - none - simple - false
resourcessp2bq2sparql32978 - none - simple - true
simple insert data named 1 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional52sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcesmyqueriesoptional5sparql4 - none - simple - false
resourcesbsbmexplorequery52553sparql2553 - none - simple - false
