## Usage / Compile

First, move to the project directory.

Than you need to setup the buildfiles.

Please read all chapters in this README-file first, because you may want to add or change the parameters.

```bash
./launcher.main.kts --setup --intellijMode=Disable --target=JVM
```

The launcher remembers the settings you have choosen before, and applies them until you change them explicitly.

# Intellij
If you want to use intellij use "--intellijMode=Enable" instead.
The main difference by using intellijMode is, that it contains an workaround for the fact, that the IDE does not accept the same source folder in multiple subprojects.
Intellij on Windows warns you about not trusted git-ssl-certificates - you can accept these.
The Linux-version of intellij ignores this - this seems to change in every version of the IDE.
You can compile and run the database by navigating to the main functions, which are located within the src/luposdate3000_launch_*/src/jvmMain/kotlin/Main.kt files.
Substitute the "*" with the wanted target.
Within the IDE this works only for main functions, which dont require arguments.
This only works, if the main function is in the jvmMain folder - not for main functions in the commonMain folders.

# SPAClient
To use the SPAClient, the target must be either "--target=JS" or "--target=JVM_JS".
If you choose "--target=JS", than you must use an external tool to host the web-content, which is located in the folder "./src/luposdate3000_spa_client/dist/".
If you use "--target=JVM_JS", than the database provides an webserver for hosting the web-frontent.
To speed up the JS code, you may add "--dictionaryValueMode=Int", which is faster in the Browser (and improves the sonification results), but reduces the speed of the database in the JVM.

# Debugging <-> Release
To remove the debugging code from the target append the option "--releaseMode=Enable" .
If you want the debugging mode again, you would use "--releaseMode=Disable" instead.

# Other options
Here you can specify many options like ("target, inlineMode, releaseMode, compiler, ...").
To find out the possible options run

```bash
./launcher.main.kts --help
```

# compile on commandline

Use the gradle build files which are generated by the previous step.
To compile everything use:

```bash
./gradlew build
```

# If you pull from the git

```bash
./launcher.main.kts --setup
```

# If you are adding new dependencies to a module

Do the same as if you have pulled from git.

# If you only modified the JS code of the SPAClient

then it is enough to execute

```gitbash
./gradlew :src:luposdate3000_spa_client:gulpOnly
```

which is about 10 times faster than building everything again.

# launch the database endpoint

To open the SPARQL endpoint use:

```bash
./launcher.main.kts --run
```

If you have choosen to include "JS" in the target, than the SPAClient is now available at "localhost:80" .
To see the list of compatible Browsers, you may take a look at (caniuse.com)[https://caniuse.com/?search=int64array] .
